feat: include container name in error message. Fixes #10007 (#13790)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/upgrading.md

When returning a map or array in an expression, you would get a Golang representation.
This now returns plain JSON.

> ### Container name in error messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added container name to workflow node error messages
```

- this could be more specific
- it should also be in active voice of what was changed

> Error messages are prefixed with container name, you may need to adjust your `lastRetry.message` expressions or `TRANSIENT_ERROR_PATTERN` variable. See [Conditional retries](retries.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflow node error messages are now prefixed with the container name.
If you are using [Conditional Retries](retries.md), you may need to adjust your usage of `lastRetry.message` expressions or the `TRANSIENT_ERROR_PATTERN` environment variable.
```
